# hello-world
Just another repository
Hello all! I have been practicing coding for about 2 years now as a hobby and I would like to get serious about improving my skills. My goal is to become a data scientist.
My hobbies include gardening, making soy candles, and reading tarot cards. I love using online learning platforms and I'm also enrolled in Code Academy. I can't afford anymore student debt, so I am picking my way through this learning process with hopes of landing a job which can pay off my student debt from my BS and some graduate school studies I couldn't afford to finish.
Imagine how great it would be if college was affordable. I believe college sports demolished that prospect, no offense to sports fans. 
I love Bernie Sanders and world peace. I love that a bird landed on his podium. I love the #MeToo movement hitting twitter and hope it brings gender equality to the forefront  of public policy. There will be no children without women, and no women without safe environments free of violence and pollution. I had a nightmare once that every child born to my daughters generation had Autism. In my nightmare, my daughter was in her thirties. This is about 20 years in to the future. The nightmare is one of many I have. I'm not prophetic, I'm just concerned about the future for women and children. I worked in special education some years after having this nightmare and I realized how devastating it would be to have generations of children numbering in the millions without the ability to care for themselves at any point in their lives. In a society so hell bent on profit and productivity, the new problems we will be facing in the next 20 years seems like a universal challenge to change the way humans think about what it is to be a human.
Today though, I'm going to focus on coding. Thank you all for being great humans and having platforms where people can learn new things anytime, anywhere. Maybe someday we will get our Net Neutrality back. Probably when we get a President like Bernie Sanders. 
